# Assignment B Artist Statement
## Preface

1) What are the social justice intentions of your piece? Specifically, what do you want people to **think, feel, and do after seeing (or experiencing) what you created**? Your response should be clear and succinct. You may identify a broad objective in terms of your overall social justice intentions, but your description of what you would like people to think/feel/do as a result of your piece should be very specific.
- Although not considered a typical artform, video games can be a very effective platform for tackling social justice issues due to their interactive nature. This piece is a two-player game in which the players must work together to collect different micronutrients in a maze. This is analogous to the idea that in many communities, individuals cannot independently achieve good nutritional status, and must work together to do so. The social justice intention of this game is to raise awareness about food insecurity and malnutrition, and the importance of community support in achieving good nutrition. After playing the game, I want people to think about how they rely on their community for food, feel empathy towards more less privileged people, and be motivated to give back to their communities. 
  

2) Why is it necessary to take action on this issue? Your response to this question should provide clear and compelling context for why this issue/topic needs to be addressed. For example, you could provide evidence of the inequality or injustice that exists and/or convey the consequences of not taking action on this issue. Your response to this question should incorporate a minimum of two appropriate and relevant sources of evidence to substantiate your assertions, at least one of which should be peer-reviewed (e.g., a paper from a peer-reviewed journal). Include a brief description (e.g., one sentence) indicating why this issue resonated with you. Consider: why did you choose this issue as your focus for this project?
- Food insecurity has profound social and health implications on an individual and their community. Approximately 811 million people worldwide suffer from chronic undernourishment, with significant disparities existing across regions and socioeconomic groups (FAO, 2021). This inequity exacerbates existing health disparities, contributing to malnutrition, stunted growth, and increased susceptibility to diseases (Haddad et al., 2020).

4) From an artistic (or aesthetic) perspective, what choices did you make to increase the impact of your piece? Briefly describe aspects of your creative process in terms of how you aimed to have a particular impact on the viewer. For example, why did you choose the medium you chose? What characteristics of your piece (e.g., design, colour, size, text, etc.) do you think are most important in terms of its impact? 

5) How have you and/or how will you share your piece with others? Briefly describe the context(s) in which your piece has been viewed by others and/or your plans for its dissemination. Be specific!
