# Reading 8
1. Adut and Akot

I think this reading was really effective at portraying the stories of real people in these situations, providing a really emotional and human side to everything we've learned so far. It was powerful knowing that Adut and Akot originally came to South Sudan to settle in their ancestral homeland, and were forced to sacrifice their dreams to avoid the starvation of their entire family. This helped me learn and understand just how seemingly hopeless these situations can be for the people living them, and the difficult decisions they make everyday just to survive. I also learned that many husbands would leave their families in an attempt to earn them more money, but if they are unsuccessful, it is perceived as abandonment by their families. Although the reading does not delve too deeply into this, it was something I had never considered before, and I wonder what are the circumstances that prevent the fathers from being able to send money back, whether that be because they don't earn enough, or they find themselves in dangerous situations, or perhaps they do try to send money but some form of corruption prevents the money from reaching their families.

2. Leila

I did not know just how difficult it was for aid workers to actually do their jobs. I learned that even with good intent, it is very difficult to provide support to these regions because there are numerous physical barriers like regions under conflict (red zones) and lack of transportation infrastructure. It was also very insightful to see Leila's struggles with her own mentality as she witnessed the extent of suffering experienced by entire nations of people, while coming from a privileged background. The "shame" she described was not something I expected, but with some thought, is understandable to feel in her circumstance.