# Exercise Sheet 3 Response
## Question 1
1. The methods called before the first table row is printed are: `t.evaluate(writer)`, `color.evaluate(writer)`. The first table row will be printed in bold because the loop tells the `row` object to invoke its `evaluate()` method. The `BoldRow` will correctly call its own `evaluate` and print a bold row.
2. The methods called before the first table row is printed are: `Evaluator.evaluate(Table ta, PrintWriter writer)`, `Evaluator.evaluate(ta.getColour(), writer)`. The first table row will not be printed in bold because the loop that prints the rows is agnostic to the actual type of the rows, and simply invokes the `Row.evaluate()` method. So, any `BoldRow` that passes through the loop will use the parent `Row.Evaluate()` method.
3. The methods called before the first table row is printed are: `Evaluator.visit(Table ta, PrintWriter writer)`, `colour.accept(this, writer)`, `Evaluator.visit(Colour c, PrintWriter writer)`. The first table row will be printed in bold because the `row.accept(this, writer)` method will dispatch into the `BoldRow` class, which then dispatches the correct `Evaluator.visit(BoldRow r PrintWriter writer)` method. 
4. The methods called before the first table row is printed are: `Evaluator.visit(Table ta, PrintWriter writer)`, `Evaluator.visit(Colour c, PrintWriter writer)`. The first table row will not be printed in bold for the same reason as in part b. The call to `visit(r, writer)` will not know whether the row is a `BoldRow` or not, so will only call the `Evaluator.visit(Row r, PrinterWriter writer)` method.
## Question 2
1. We would need to override the `public U visit(Colour c, T t)` method to add any colour visited to the `colours` set. 
2. A downside is that the incorrect behaviour may not raise an error, because the incorrect method is still implemented in the base class. It may be harder to debug than if the `ColourCollector` implemented the interface, because the program would not even compile if the method was not implemented.
3. With this new approach, we would need to override the `public U visit(Table ta, T t)` and `public U visit(Title ti, T t)` methods, because they both now need to return a `Set<String>`, whereas the base method returns void or null. 
4. The base class could default to returning some type of "stub" object of the return type `U`.